
1. Hierarical markup language, celltype and subtype
2. identifying representative cells bearing markers that unambiguously identify them as one of the cell types defined in the file.
3. Garnett trains a classifier. recognize cells as belonging to each celltype based on similarity to representative cells.

PBMC
marker file using literature-based markers
	a measure of each markers' usefulness for Garnett classification (Method)
	exclude poorly scoring markers

C. elegans

complex system with deep hierarchy
	 four-level classifier with 144 cell definitions for mouse nervous system 
	 underclassify: cerebellum neuron as a neuron
	 The size and complexity of this hierarchy facilitated exploration of the properties of markers chosen by the elastic-net regression to discriminate among cell types.
	 Garnett tended to select genes that were more highly expressed and more specific than other genes

classify human lung tumors basedon a Garnett classifier trained on lung cells from the MCA. (Fig 3)
an ‘ecosystem’ of Garnett marker files and pre-trained classifiers.


-----
Methods
Garnett
	specify a cell hierarchy of cell types and subtypes.
	each type must have at least one marker genes
	negative marker genes: 一個細胞不屬於某一type的證據，也可以
	tools for checking the quality of markers
	Garnett uses the marker information provided to select cells that are then used to train an elastic-net regression-based classifier

Marker files
	hierarchical definitions: cell types can be specified to be a subtype of another defined type
	Marker score G: only markers that are expressed specifically in a given cell type are useful.
	marker quality plot (Supp 1a)

Training the classifier
	choose representative cells to train on.
	gene expression matrix normalize by size factor
	construct a tree representation of the marker file
	For each parent node in the tree
		cells are scored as ‘expressed’ or ‘not expressed’ for each of the provided markers
		an aggregate marker score is derived for each cell type for each cell.
		any metadata or hard expression cutoffs are applied to exclude a subset of cells from consideration.
		

Aggregated marker scores
	for the purposes of identifying representative cell types based on markers
	低表現但高度專一的marker 比 高表現但不專一的marker 是定義一個celltype 更好的證據
	term frequency-inverse document frequency (TF-IDF) 

Training with GLMnet







